Here’s your survey in a single section with all the questions, including a question about the preferred frequency:


---

GTS Testing Newsletter Revamp Survey

We are looking to improve our quarterly newsletter and would love your feedback! Please take a few minutes to share your thoughts.

1. How often do you read the GTS Testing newsletter?

Every issue

Occasionally

Rarely

Never



2. How engaging do you find the current newsletter?

Very engaging

Somewhat engaging

Neutral

Not very engaging

Not engaging at all



3. Which sections do you find most interesting? (Select all that apply)

Business updates

Lifestyle topics

Team achievements

Employee spotlights

Industry trends

Other (please specify)



4. Are there any sections you don’t find useful or interesting? (Please specify)


5. What kind of content would you like to see more of? (Select all that apply)

Industry news and insights

Project highlights and success stories

Employee achievements and spotlights

Learning and development opportunities

Fun and lifestyle content (travel, health, hobbies, etc.)

Other (please specify)



6. How do you prefer to receive the newsletter?

Email attachment (PDF)

Interactive online format

Shorter, more frequent updates instead of a quarterly newsletter

Other (please specify)



7. Would you prefer the newsletter to be more visual (e.g., more images, infographics, videos)?

Yes, more visuals would be great

No, I prefer a text-based format

A balanced mix of both



8. How often would you like to receive the newsletter?

Quarterly (every 3 months, as it is now)

Semi-annual (every 6 months)

Other (please specify)



9. Would you be interested in contributing content (e.g., articles, photos, personal experiences)?

Yes

No

Maybe



10. How can we make the newsletter more interactive? (Select all that apply)



Polls and surveys

Trivia and quizzes

Employee-submitted stories

Recognizing team members (e.g., “Spotlight of the Quarter”)

Other (please specify)


11. On a scale of 1 to 5, how satisfied are you with the current newsletter?
(1 - Not satisfied at all, 5 - Very satisfied)


12. Do you have any suggestions for improving the newsletter? (Open-ended)




---

Let me know if you need any further tweaks!
